[Music]
[Music] when Israel was a child
when Israel was a child
when Israel was a child loved him and out of Egypt I called my
loved him and out of Egypt I called my
loved him and out of Egypt I called my son as they called them so they went
son as they called them so they went
son as they called them so they went from they sacrificed to the bales and
from they sacrificed to the bales and
from they sacrificed to the bales and burned incense to carved images I taught
burned incense to carved images I taught
burned incense to carved images I taught a friend to walk taking them by their
a friend to walk taking them by their
a friend to walk taking them by their arms but they did not know that I healed
arms but they did not know that I healed
arms but they did not know that I healed them I drew them with gentle chords with
them I drew them with gentle chords with
them I drew them with gentle chords with bands of love and I was to them as those
bands of love and I was to them as those
bands of love and I was to them as those who take the yoke from their neck i
who take the yoke from their neck i
who take the yoke from their neck i stooped and fed them he shall not return
stooped and fed them he shall not return
stooped and fed them he shall not return to the land of Egypt but the Assyrians
to the land of Egypt but the Assyrians
to the land of Egypt but the Assyrians shall be his king because they refused
shall be his king because they refused
shall be his king because they refused to repent and the sword shall slash in
to repent and the sword shall slash in
to repent and the sword shall slash in his cities devour his districts and
his cities devour his districts and
his cities devour his districts and consume them because of their own
consume them because of their own
consume them because of their own counsels
counsels
counsels my people are bent on backsliding from
my people are bent on backsliding from
my people are bent on backsliding from me though they call to the Most High
me though they call to the Most High
me though they call to the Most High none at all exalt him how can I give you
none at all exalt him how can I give you
none at all exalt him how can I give you up
up
up Ephraim how can I hand you over Israel
Ephraim how can I hand you over Israel
Ephraim how can I hand you over Israel how can I make you like Adam how can I
how can I make you like Adam how can I
how can I make you like Adam how can I set you like ciborium my heart churns
set you like ciborium my heart churns
set you like ciborium my heart churns with envy
with envy
with envy my sympathy is stirred I will not
my sympathy is stirred I will not
my sympathy is stirred I will not execute the fierceness of my anger I
execute the fierceness of my anger I
execute the fierceness of my anger I will not again destroy ephraim for I am
will not again destroy ephraim for I am
will not again destroy ephraim for I am God and not man the Holy One in your
God and not man the Holy One in your
God and not man the Holy One in your midst and I will not come with terror
midst and I will not come with terror
midst and I will not come with terror they shall walk after the Lord he will
they shall walk after the Lord he will
they shall walk after the Lord he will roar like a lion when he roars and his
roar like a lion when he roars and his
roar like a lion when he roars and his son shall come trembling from the West
son shall come trembling from the West
son shall come trembling from the West they shall come trembling like a bird
they shall come trembling like a bird
they shall come trembling like a bird from Egypt like a dove from the land of
from Egypt like a dove from the land of
from Egypt like a dove from the land of Assyria and I will let them dwell in
Assyria and I will let them dwell in
Assyria and I will let them dwell in their houses Ephraim has encircled me
their houses Ephraim has encircled me
their houses Ephraim has encircled me with lies and the house of Israel with
with lies and the house of Israel with
with lies and the house of Israel with deceit but Judah still walks with God
deceit but Judah still walks with God
deceit but Judah still walks with God even with the holy one who is faithful